# C-journalApp
Welcome to C-journal app
# Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 04, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
Any collected data for research purposes only and doesn't include any sensitive/personal data only the anonymized journals will be collected for further analysis.
# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Application__ means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Diary





- __Country__ refers to:  Egypt

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.


- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.




- __Service__ refers to the Application.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
	

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:







- Usage Data



### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as saved diaries

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.









## Use of Your Personal Data

The researcher may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __To provide You__ with cognitive distortion classification .
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, to evaluate and improve our Service and your experience. 


## Retention of Your Personal Data

The app will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The app will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.


## Disclosure of Your Personal Data


### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the researcher may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The researcher may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the app
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability







# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: nada.elsharawii@gmail.com
